The Kelvin necktie knot is named after Lord Kelvin(William Thomson, 1824-1907) a mathematical physicist who contributed to the theory of knots in relation to atomic structure. The Kelvin is an extension of the Simple knot. Like the Simple knot, the Kelvin starts with the tie lying inside out resulting in an inverted tail. This knot produces a lithe and 888//9a8sdtidy knot similar in size to the Four-in-Hand but slightly fuller and more angular.The Kelvin necktie knot is named after Lord Kelvin(William Thomson, 1824-1907) a mathematical physicist who contributed to the theory of knots in relation to atomic structure. The Kelvin is an extension of the Simple knot. dwbibwfibbLike the Simple knot, the Kelvindcni14995n starts with the tie lying inside out resulting in an inverted tail. This knot produces a lithe and tidy knot similar in size to the Four-in-Hand but slightly fuller and more angular.The Kelvin necktie knot is named after Lord Kelvin(William Thomson, 1824-1907) a mathematical physicist who contributed to the theory of knots in relation to atomic structure. The Kelvin is an extension of the Simple knot. Like the Simple knot, the Kelvin startabaaaaaaaabababbbbbcaabs with the tie lying inside out resulting in an inverted tail. This knot produces a lithe and tidy knot similar in size to the Four-in-Hand but slightly fuller and more angular.The Kelvin necktie knot is named after Lord Kelvin(William Thomson, 1824-1907) a mathematical physicist who contributed to the theory of knots in relation to atomic structure. The Kelvin is an extension of the Simple knot. Like the Simple knot, the Kelvin startsbabcaccccccacacd with the tie lying inside out resulting in an inverted tail. This knot produces a lithe and tidy knot similar in size to the Four-in-Hand but slightly fuller and more angular.The Kelvin necktie knot is named after Lord Kelvin(William Thomson, 1824-1907) a mathematical physicist who contributed to the theory of knots in relation to atomic strucbcabcabcabcabcabcabcaaaacdture. The Kelvin is an extension of the Simple knot. Like the Simple knot, the Kelvin starts with the tie lying inside out resulting in an inverted tail. This knot produces a lithe and tidy knot similar in size to the Four-in-Hand but slightly fuller and more angular.The Kelvin necktie knot is named after Lord Kelvin(William Thomson, 1824-1907) a mathematical physicist who contributed to the theory of knots in relation to atomic structure. The Kelvin is an extension of the Simple knot. Like the Simple knot, the Kelvin starts with the tie lying inside out resulting in an inverted tail. This knot produces a lithe and tidy knot similar in size to the Four-in-Hand but slightly fuller and more angular.The Kelvin necktie knot is named after Lord Kelvin(William Thomson, 1824-1907) a mathematical physicist who contributed to the theory of knots in relation to atomic structure. The Kelvin is an extension of the Simple knot. Like the Simple knot, the Kelvin starts with the tie lying inside out resulting in an inverted tail. This knot produces a lithe 